All right welcome back to the student.
So in this lecture here I'm going to start adding a lot more functionality to or a little application
here.
Basically what we're missing is the update in the lead at this point.
Now we could add some bunds here.
And you know do we.
That would be easy to do but I want to actually do it in another fashion that would help you you know
gain more knowledge and be more creative with your applications out there.
Basically learn more like little things you know in a different way on time.
So my students can learn as much as possible.
Right that's my goal as an instructor.
So anyway what I want to build here basically is that functionality that when we click on this link
you will have a box pop up here that will have an input type tetes with the information from the data
base for this title.
We have a bunch there that you can update it and another one there that you can delete it and maybe
a button there to close up shots right.
So there's a whole bunch of functionalities that we can add to this little application here.
And I just want to you know help you add that one there.
So anyway let's start.
All right.
So the first thing is the markup we need a market for this for the next batch here.
And the link and the functionality for Jake werie.
Now for those of you that you know don't know much Jake where we have a really good cores that can help
you even get a lot better than what you're learning in this course.
So let's build a markup let's go all the way to the bottom here.
And if you see I'm already putting a little comments here so I suggest you do the same for your cold
right here in this.
If we're in a class or wrong way to actually build a nother Kente table here and not a table but the
container like this and this at action container or write like this then we go and we can put a little
comment here and we can say something like let's just do this one here.
Copy this one they're selected.
Whoops that took everything there.
All right.
So we need to actually put something here.
So that way we know it works.
And now we need to get the links.
All right.
So let's go to this play on the score cards and right here on the title let's actually create a link
here and let's close it
and then we go.
That should be good to go there.
So if you refresh.
Here you can see the little hello here and the links are working already.
All right perfect.
So what else.
Well we need some type of we need to hide.
First of all.
Mark up right here so we need this ID all the way to the top to right this right.
Your comments are not going to put it because I don't want to spend time on that right now.
Since your time is valuable right.
So we have this I.D. and we're going to target it and we're going to say I want you to just hide it
Jake where we save it.
We go back refresh.
He say it's hidden.
So it's working.
The functionality is the link when we click on this link here we want to be able to open something right.
So let's put a link there.
So let's say not a link an ID right an ID here for this link.
And it's called title link.
Now I'll show you what happens in a minute.
Already know what's wrong.
But I want to show you what's wrong just in case in the future you have that issue of yourself.
All right.
So let's go back to end it and let's write it functionality.
So let's target that and we're going to say on we're going to use a function called on click and then
write the function here parentheses and curly brackets and bring it down on the click of this ID.
I want you to just say alert.
Now if I say this this should work right.
I mean this is correct.
And you can verify that.
But if you go here you can see that if I click on it it doesn't work
and actually we need to put a hash on these play cards right here.
So that link doesn't submit
if I click on it nothing happens.
All right.
And the reason why is because this data here is being displayed dynamically.
So because it's been displayed dynamically basically it's not really available in the DOM yet.
Right.
When we are clicking on it we are trying to get that data in the DOM but it's not because it's being
displayed dynamically so we need to do is we need to go back to index and take this call that a year
included in that file where the dynamic code is so will come all the way to the bottom of the file.
And save it.
And now we go back to it and refresh.
I click on this and it works beautiful.
But look what happens if I click on the second one
I double click it triple click it and nothing works just the first one.
Why.
Well when you have dynamic contact like this in the loop All right you're only going to get the first
item from there because you're using an ID.
And I know that is weird.
And that's the way it is.
All right.
So let's go back to this link right here and make it a class.
Remember that.
That's super important that's going to make you a better developer.
I'm trying to give you you know my experiences my mistakes from the past.
And so that way you can be better.
So we have a class there let's make sure that this is a class save it refresh it.
Now you go to the second one.
It works right.
If you go to the last one it works beautiful so they are working all of them.
All right.
So beautiful.
So this is working now so what do we want to do when we click it.
Well we want to actually show the actual container.
All right so let's target this guy right here.
And that's the first thing we want to do want to show it.
Refresh.
Come here and we click it.
We save it.
But we are hiding it right away.
All right.
That's just because he's going around in the loop again.
So for now we're going to leave it like this.
I just wanted to show you that.
And later on we'll build the functionality of another buy in there that will actually be available here
to close.
Right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching on the next lecture.
We'll continue with this and we'll do it a little faster.
Rice will be ready.